Add release notes for 1.17.2 (#4379)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.17.2.mdx

---
date: 2022-08-02
---

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

> - Cors requests with query params work correctly. #4378

Reviewer: Would it help to also specify since what version this bug was introduced?

```suggestion
- CORS requests with query params are handled correctly. #4378
    - Armeria versions from 1.15.0 to 1.17.0 are affected.
```

Author: Looks nice.
